Open Source Best Practices and Normative References (#1022)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/open-source.rst

Open Source Releases 
=====================

1. General Principles
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The IT-Wallet ecosystem is built upon principles of openness and transparency. In accordance with the **Italian Digital Administration Code (CAD)** and the **European eIDAS 2.0 Regulation**, the adoption of open source frameworks, including during the experimentation phase, is a structural requirement to ensure trust, collaboration, peer review and shared improvements across the ecosystem. This framework aligns with the **Interoperable Europe Act**, aiming to maximize public value and security through transparency.

2. Standard Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> All entities (Wallet Providers, Credential Issuers, Relying Parties) involved within the IT-Wallet ecosystem (hereinafter "Project Owners") **MUST** adhere to industry best practices to ensure the software is usable, compliant, and secure.

Reviewer: in general, I am super ok with that

however, in a formal perspective, if we use MUST we must be clear on what they have to comply with, do we have a list of industry best practices to enumerate?

often, the best practices are not normative, only the requirements are

I'd suggest to integrate the elements we request to comply with or use a SHOULD or do a reword

Reviewer: or differently, we should only say, `as listed in the sections below`

@ebobferraris is that good for you?

Author: You are right, it's something I wanted to discuss further: on the one hand, it is important to apply best practices; on the other, it is very complex to list them all, and they are subject to change over time.

Do you think we could find a reliable, always up to date, external source to refer to?
If not, we may use `SHOULD`, adding something like `, following at least those listed in the sections below.` at the end of the line.

Reviewer: I am ok with your last proposal, about using SHOULD and `, following at least those listed in the sections below.`

please proceed or ask me to do so

> All entities (Wallet Providers, Credential Issuers, Relying Parties) involved within the IT-Wallet ecosystem (hereinafter "Project Owners") **MUST** adhere to industry best practices to ensure the software is usable, compliant, and secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All entities (Wallet Providers, Credential Issuers, Relying Parties) involved within the IT-Wallet ecosystem (hereinafter "Project Owners") adhere to industry best practices as listed in the sections below, to ensure the software is usable, compliant, and secure.
```

Reviewer: @ebobferraris I have removed MUST/SHOULD since the requirements listed below brings the normative language
